Hey, good morning family. I'm excited to
be with you all again today.
I've taken some time to pray and I've
been seeking the Lord about 2024.
I don't take this lightly, speaking
to you all like this and telling you
all what's coming and
warning you about the Father's Heart
and
what's going on in the
spirit realm. Like I said,
I've just been taking some time
seeking Him, getting into the Word more,
and not allowing all the
pressure of life to try to squash out
the voice. This has been a trip
for me. I just started
this YouTube channel in March, and it's
been like a fire hose the last couple of
weeks with all the stuff
coming—not
necessarily always
good. I just
want to take some time; I have a hard
word to give again.
I'm going to say it like this: the
Lord's called me to say the hard things,
y'all, and it's not always easy being me.
But I'm going to tell you
exactly what's going on regardless of
all this other crap you're hearing on
the other platforms. That's what I'm
going to tell you: it's pure crap. After
sitting before the Father last
night and getting the download that I
got, I hope you all still stick
around because I'm going to tell you the
truth about what's coming, and you all need
to hear it. So here it goes. I was
praying before, just like I always
do, and I felt the heaviness
coming on
me. It was
very intense intercessory
prayer, and all of a sudden, I know when
the Lord's about to speak now because I
feel it; it's like a bubble
up inside of me prophetically.
So I told my son, 'Get the recorder
out right now because I don't want to forget
anything He's going to
talk about.'All of a sudden, the Word of the
Lord came up to me and I saw a
vision.
I saw preachers standing behind the pulpits. Holy Spirit, I ask you to deliver it just the way you
delivered it the first time. Thank you. I saw preachers standing behind the
pulpit and they had oil—this smooth, oily-looking
oil—all
over their
mouths
and it was dripping from their
lips. They had roaches and bugs
crawling in and out of their mouths and
laying upon their lips. Bugs
were crawling in their teeth and
in and out of their
mouths
and they would lay upon their lips
as they would
speak. They had a
shrewdness
in their eyes; their
motives behind what they were preaching
were
all
selfish
gain, trying to appease the ear of the
people. Then I saw ears on the people, and
I could see their ears were just being pacified
by all
these whispers of the
things that were happening in the spirit:
'Everything is going to be good; all
things are going to work for your
good for those that love the
Lord.'They
were speaking the Word, but they
were not speaking what was on God's
heart. They were speaking things, but they
weren't speaking things to make you grow.
I saw these
bugs coming out of their teeth and
out of their mouths,
and
I looked across
the land of
America. There were babies with
diapers on all throughout the land. There
was nobody with backbone. They were all
like really
lethargic babies that had diapers
on—these
Pampers. I saw,
whenever you see soiled diapers, the smell
that rises up like in cartoons.
All the babies had soiled diapers
on and there were flies buzzing around
those babies. The babies were crying,
'Please, change my
diaper!'There
were literally thousands
and thousands and thousands of babies
full of dirty diapers, and the preachers
were not teaching
them. The Lord spoke to me and he
said,
'Brandon, the preachers are not
teaching the milk or the meat of the word to
grow my children up into adult
stature.'He
said, 'Therefore,
there is going to be a great shifting
upon the land.'He said,
'They have raised their
noses towards me with a stiff
neck.'Their
noses were pointed up
towards God. I saw a pride that was upon
the people. He said, 'There's a pride
upon the people and they have a stench
before me. Therefore, what is coming... there
are
prophecies going forth
about a great revival, about a great
harvest, about all these things, but
judgment comes in the house of the
Lord first. Therefore, there will be a
great shifting take place and there will
be what people call a
great Ichabod come upon the
land.'He
said, 'I have told you this before,
but there will be a great Ichabod come
upon the land.'It would
seem like it, but I will never leave you
and I will never leave nor will I
forsake
you. But there will be a shifting,
and he said a shaking is coming to the Body.
I saw a sluice box, the kind
that sifts
dirt
from the gold, and I saw
this manure, dirt, and all
this debris inside this box.
He said, 'You have to shift the
box.'He
showed me Him sifting
the box and shaking it so the gold
rises
to the top and the dirt
was falling to the ground.
But it comes through a great
shaking. He said, 'You have to shake all
the debris and all the stuff off so that
the gold will
rise.'Then
he said, 'I want you to
focus on the great sequoia tree out in
California.'He
said, 'I want you to
focus.'He
said, 'The seed does not produce
until there is great fire upon it, and it
will be released when there is fire
upon it.'He said, 'You will be like the
great sequoia tree that grows its roots
down deep.'I saw a
fire coming upon the land, but it was
like a refiner's
fire—not
a physical fire, but a refiner's fire.
I saw the refiner's fire burning upon
the seed and all of a sudden, the ground
from as far
as the eye could see was completely
charred, tested by fire. In this
'tested by fire,'then I saw new growth, new
green grass growing because
the weeds and all the stuff were burnt up.
I saw green, new flowers,
beautiful new things coming. I
saw those sequoia plants being
planted and growing up because of the
fire and the testing that was coming
upon the people. The Lord told
me, he showed me... like I
tell you all, I see calendars sometimes
and he shows me things like in windows
of time. I saw a time of testing
coming. I saw times of hardship coming
upon the people. I saw the glorious
church rising in a window
of time with great glory. I saw an
outpouring of the spirit of God and
healings and manifestations of the glory
beyond anybody's
comprehension. But he said the church is
not ready for this. He said, 'There
must be holiness and
righteousness preached back in the
pulpits to shake the people, to teach
them how to stand on the meat of the
word, not on the milk of the word.'There
are
too many babies and therefore there will
be a great shaking coming. Like I
said, then all of a sudden I saw people
that he said, 'You
call me Lord, Lord. You call me savior. You
call me your friend.'He said, 'I do not
know you, for your heart is far from
me.'He
said,
'Just like Peter that said he
would never deny me, he denied me
three times.'Therefore, there will be
a lot of you that, just when pressure
comes and these great trials
come—as
the shiftings and
the refining fire comes on them—he said,
'You have called me Lord, Lord,
but you will deny me three times just
like Peter did.'He said
there will be a great shifting in this
and a great
falling away for the ones that call me
Lord, Lord, but never really truly made me Lord
of their life and made me savior over
them. Therefore, those who rise up
out of that fire
and that refining, he
said they are the ones that
will have boldness to walk before me
in these end times. 'Did I not say in my
word,'he
said, 'that in the end many
will come to me saying, "Did I not
prophesy in your name? Did I not lay
hands on the sick in your name? Did I not
cast out devils in your
name?"'and
he said, 'Depart from me, I never knew
you.'Those
scriptures are true and they
are alive and they are going forth, and
this will happen. Do you
understand? Those were prophecies that
God spoke before
the beginning of time. Look at the words
that are coming to pass: all men's hearts
will fail them for fear for what's
coming upon the earth. They will be lovers
of themselves.
It is coming
upon the land even more—even
a
greater loving of self. They have
itching ears. Their hearts
are full of gall
and
evilness. But the Lord says
he's bringing forth a refiner's fire, and
many will say it is a great Ichabod. Many
will say what's coming is a great
Ichabod,
but it is not an Ichabod; it is refining.
Like I said, I'm not coming on
here to give you an itching ear word
today to tell you everything is always
going to be good for some folks, but I'm
going to tell you: if you're walking with
the Lord right now,
you'll lack nothing. Everything will
always be okay with you if you are
already walking with Him, if you're
walking through that refiner's fire, if
you're standing
before Him righteous and listening to
Him every day and praying and seeking
His face daily and reading His word and
having fellowship with Him.
The Word said, 'I'll never see the
righteous forsaken or his seed begging
bread.'Think
about what He's saying.
Many of you say, 'Well, I'm
righteous.'No,
you're not; you're walking in
compromise.
I'm coming to tell you
there's a lot of you that are babies,
just like he told me, and the babies are
upon the land. The preachers have
been preaching you a smooth,
oily,
roach-filled
word; they aren't teaching you how to
stand. You come to this channel and I'm
going to tell you: Jesus loves you. He
loves you, but he wants you to grow up. He
wants you to put your big boy pants on
or big girl pants on and walk
with him. Stop being these little
babies. Get a spine; stand for what
the word says. Repent, turn from your
wicked ways. You've got to get your heart
before Him. Turn—intercession
starts to hit me
again—you've
got to repent and turn
because Jesus is coming. You've got to
get your heart right before him because
Jesus is coming and you aren't ready.
I'm going to try to tell you all: you've
got to get righteous before him. You've got
to get the blood. You've got to come out
in communion and pray and live a
righteous lifestyle and stop living like
the world. If there's no difference
between you and the world and you're
standing in a prison lineup
and they look at you, would they be able
to decipher between the world and
the church?
Are we able to be the light and the salt
in these end times? Are we standing out or
are
we blending in? Do we have a
righteousness about our face? Do we have
that Holy Ghost glow so that people see us
and they want to repent, and they see us
and they say there's something different
about us, or are we just like them? We're
called to stand out. I'm trying to tell
you something, y'all. You better hear me.
I'm trying to tell you what the Father's
heart truly is.
He even was upset about things that I've
said, always telling you good things.
I try to speak to the remnant, but
I know I have a lot of babies on my
channel and I'm trying to tell you it's
time to get in the word; it's time to
memorize that scripture. It's time to
turn from your wicked ways. You know, a
lot of people say, 'Turn or
burn.'You
need to turn, separate
yourself. You say, 'Well, I want to
live the way I want to live.'That's what
he's talking about. You have a
nose that's turned up to him. Go Google
what that means—to have a nose
that's
turned up before the Father. Having your
nose turned up or a stiff neck means you're
not able to be changed
and created to be like him
because you're thinking in your own
thoughts, 'This is the way I want to be,
this is the way I want to act.'So I just
want to tell you all what the Lord is
saying. And yet you're hearing a lot of
things that are all sugarcoated,
but I'm telling you a shaking is coming.
I'm telling you a great
shaking is coming, and it's not all about
America. I want you to understand, a lot
of people have a lot of pride saying,
'Well, it's about
America,'but
we're not even 10% of the
world's population.
The world is going to shake. The
bride of Christ is not
America; America is a fraction. Do you
understand? We are just a
little bit of a sliver of the population
of the world compared to the world. But
I'm telling you, a great shaking is
coming to the
world. I come on here to tell you what
the Lord
says, and
it's a very heavy thing to
do. I have people pulling on me a lot. I'm
thankful for this calling, and I'm thankful
to be able to come on here and tell
you the hard things. I'm thankful for the
people that will listen, but you all
will listen soon. You all will hear it
soon. There are earthquakes coming.
I've told you to be prepared;
I've told you to have food ready, I've
told you to have water ready, and I've told
you if you're in an area that
is on fault lines, you need to have
your stuff ready. You need to listen to
me; there's a great shaking coming to
this earth. The earth is trembling, the
earth is shaking because this cup of sin
is full. I'm trying to warn
you that the people that are righteous—there
are
a lot of good people
on this channel that love the Lord with
all their heart, and I'm not talking to
you. I want to give you hope, though, and I
want to tell you in the midst of this,
you'll never be forsaken.
The righteous will never be
forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
He said he'll always provide for you; he
will always take care of you. Your hearts
are
for him, and we're going to walk in the
glory. They're going to walk in the glory
and the revival like we've
never seen before. There is a mighty move
of the Spirit of God coming upon this
earth, but I'm telling you that there's
too much compromise
and there's going to be a shifting of
it. So I hope this
was...
I did my
job. I tell you what he
says to say. So I pray for you all. Father,
I just thank you, Lord, for every single
person that's represented here today. We
seek you.
Thank you, Lord, that there's a
stirring inside of their spirit, Father. I
thank you, Lord, for a supernatural fire
that's on their life to come up higher. I
thank you, Lord, that we are not
afraid of the circumstances around us,
but we are putting our eyes on you and
we're getting our hearts right before
you. We seek you, Father, and we don't
have a nose that's turned up towards you.
We don't have a stiff neck; we're humble,
and we humble ourselves to you, Father.
We seek you, and we thank you, Lord,
that you have our lives in your hand.
Great and mighty works will you
do; you said that,
Lord. I thank you, Father, that we are
going to do the great works. We're going
to be ready for you. Our lamps are full
of oil, and our hearts and our eyes are
seeking you daily. We're seeking you, for
you said the eyes of the Lord are
running to and fro throughout the whole
earth, looking for a heart who's perfect
towards
me. Father, I thank you, Lord, that your
eyes are falling upon my house today. I
thank you, Father, that your eyes rest
upon us, that your eyes are not
busy looking because you found me. You
found me in my house. We seek you,
Father. Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Give us a pure heart before you, Father.
Create in us, Father, what you're looking
for. I thank you, Lord, that we humble
ourselves
before you, God. Our eyes and
our minds think like what we're supposed
to think. We seek you. We anoint
ourselves
with oil. Our cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow us
all the days of our life, and we will
dwell in the house of the Lord
forever. Father, we thank you, Lord, for
your blood. We thank you, Lord, for your
righteousness. We thank you, Lord, for how
good you've been to us. You are so good
to
us, Father. I'm not moved by what I see,
I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved
by what the Word says. Father, we just
give you praise and glory for it right
now in the name of Jesus. We
humble ourselves before you, Father.
We humble ourselves
and
we worship
you. You are good, and your mercy endures
forever, Lord. You are good, and your mercy
endures
forever, and we worship you today,
Father. We worship
you. Thank you, Lord, that our marriages
are strong, our children are healthy. I
thank you, Lord, we take authority over
sickness and disease and over all kinds
of back issues and brain issues and
turmoil in their
minds. I just saw somebody right
now—you've
been tormented with
double-mindedness. It's like a split
personality; it's almost like you feel
trapped. I see somebody who
is trapped; it's almost like in a mirror.
It's very strange what I just saw, but
this is a demonic spirit that has
attached itself to
you. You stare at yourself in the mirror,
and it's almost like you have
a split
personality. Father, I thank you that
you're setting this person free right
now in the name of Jesus. We command that
devil to release them right now and let
them go.
You spirit of torment, we command you to
release their mind right now in
Jesus'name.
Angels of the Lord manifest and
make war against this demonic force. We
command you to release them right now. We
command it to go to the dry places
right now. You demonic spirits that have
attached yourself to this person, we
command them free by the blood of the
Lamb and by the word of the
testimony. We break that off of them
right
now. Fill that with... I just saw an
empty cavern right then after we
called
that devil to leave. You have to fill and
renew your mind with the Word so that
it's
not empty no more, or they're going
to come back eight more. You better
listen to me. You be free, but you've got
to fill your mind back up with the
Word. You've got to fill it back up.
It's not
just a one-time process; you've got to do
this daily. You've got to get in the Word
daily and fill that mind up with the
Word—your
mind, your will,
and your emotions; spirit, soul, and
body. Thank you, Father.
I see right now
somebody—you're
overcoming some kind of
colon cancer in your
intestines. You've got intestinal
cancer,
and I'm telling you right now,
you're getting there. There is like a
Roto-Rooter
cleaning you out. I
call your colon healed and whole and
well in Jesus'name. All throughout your
intestines,
all throughout your
digestive system—a complete healing and
wholeness of all these little polyps and
all this stuff going on inside of you. I
call you healed and whole and well in
the name of Jesus. Completely delivered,
like a Roto-Rooter cleaning those
out. Oh, I see it right now. You're going
to release them in your stool through
the waste, and don't freak out if there
is
blood in your stool right now.
It's going to clean you out like a
Roto-Rooter.
All those little things, you're going
to pass them in your
waste.
It's going to come out of
you. That's actually kind of gross, but
it
is the truth and that's what
the Lord showed me in a vision. You can
go to the bathroom; when you clean, it's
going to come out of you. It's going to
be a Roto-Rooter; you're going to clean it out
in Jesus'name. All those little tumors,
those little things are coming
out of you right now in the name of
Jesus. I call you healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus, from the top
of your head to the soles of your feet.
I just saw pancreatic cancer
healed and whole in the name of Jesus.
Pancreas, be healed and whole and well in
Jesus'name.
From the top of your head to
the soles
of your feet, every cancer
cell, you're healed and whole and well from
that and delivered from cancer of the
pancreas in Jesus'name, completely set
free.
It's trying to
spread over even onto your liver; I
pray
over your liver right now in the
name of Jesus. Delivered from this
demonic
cancer, I command you to release it right
now in Jesus'name. Get out of their body,
cancer!
Go! New pancreas, new liver, new area
all throughout those ducts, be healed and
whole and well in
Jesus'healing
name. Great Mighty Holy
Spirit, Great Physician, you
are healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus. From the top of their head
to the soles of their feet, it's tried to
spread, but that is
gone in
Jesus'name.
We call good reports
over them. We call healing, wholeness,
wellness, and deliverance in
Jesus'name.
With long life, you'll satisfy them and
show them your salvation in
Jesus'name.
Healing and wholeness and
wellness. We take authority over the
spirit of fear over
death; we take authority over that spirit
of death right now in Jesus'name. Fear of
dying, the torment of
death—fear
has torment, but perfect love casts out
all
fear. We call peace that passes all
understanding over you right now. You're
crying, I see you. You're healed and whole
and well. Be of good
cheer. More life,
life-giving
faith in your flesh.
His word is health to all
their
flesh. Meditate on the word
in
Jesus'name.
Somebody has emotional trauma from
being
abused by relatives
sexually; I call restoration over your
life.
I call you restored in
Jesus'name.
Your mind
is
tormented; I call you delivered from this
in Jesus'name. The torment of
shame—no
more shame in
Jesus'name.
There's nothing for you to be ashamed of; you did
nothing
wrong. They try to make it like
you were the problem or you brought
it on yourself—that's a lie from the pit
of hell. You did nothing wrong. No matter how you
dressed or whatever, they had a
spirit of perversion and the devil
came
to try to kill,
steal,
and destroy your life, and he lost.
Demonic spirits of depression and
things that are linked on, the Lord
is
setting you free right now. I call you
free from that in Jesus'name.
That torment—you
did nothing wrong, hun. The
Lord Jesus Christ sets you free right now.
From the top of your head to the
soles,
you feel fire is going through your body
right now. I saw fire go through you
right now—fire of the Holy Ghost go
through right now in the name of Jesus,
delivering them from that, and we call
you free from it right
now. I don't know who you are, but Jesus
Christ loves
you.
Some people have so much
hurt; Jesus loves
you. You've been dealing with that for a
long
time.
Father, I thank you that the peace that
passes
understanding is over
them. You help them right now. And Jesus
said,
'Peace I leave with you;
my peace I give to
you.'Lord,
we just thank you for all
that you've done for these people
today. I just saw this: somebody
is
dealing with alcoholism concerning this
holiday
season. I take authority over the spirit
of alcoholism right now in
Jesus'name.
You're
drinking and listening to sad
music—stop
feeding
that depression like that. Put some joy
on, put some happiness on, and feed
on the word. Shake that
off; don't have that heaviness on you.
It's a choice. It's a demonic spirit
trying to latch onto you because of the
holidays and things going on,
but Jesus
has come to set you
free. Don't feed on that anymore. That's a
demonic spirit trying to get a
stronghold in your life. Don't
be drinking
anymore;
get in the word and put on
a garment of praise for a spirit of
heaviness. Put on some worship—praise
and worship—and
get that atmosphere in your house.
Get set free from all that.
Don't let the devil get
a
stronghold in your life. This is a joyous
time; Jesus came and he set the captives
free. He was
born in a manger and he came for you and
me. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you.
Put a smile on your
face and a song in
your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we will see
you next time. Have a blessed day, y'all.
Bye-bye.